Transcribed on Samsung Notes with Galaxy AI, formatted by me!

IDEA REPORT 1: CONVERGENCE @ 22/08/25 22:52

Hello, it is currently 22:52 on the 22nd of August 2025 and here is idea report 1 for Project Convergence. Convergence will be a educational nuclear fusion simulated aimed to educate students about how it works through an accessible program that can be scaled to operating power... operating power... I mean processing power. 
This is the first log, in which I will dump all my ideas. 
So far, I have had the idea which is for project "Convergence" since just like how my extrapolations, how the Lake Extrapolation Algorithm (WILL BE EXPLAINED IN FUTURE) will converge different fractions of a full tokamak reactor together, there is a convergence that happens in the reaction of fusion so convergence is a good name. 
Additionally, I have had an idea onto how to model the plasma in an interactive format. 
We add everything to a single plasma list. 
We generate a large list... 10000 particles say and then we run a simulation in which: we take 2 particles, we check if they're a match. 
If they are, we do a fusion event, we delete those 2 particles, then we add a helium particle and and a neutron, or do we? 
Do we have the neutron or do we remove it, because my idea is we don't add the neuytron, but we make it's energy exerted to other particles, like as if it passes through the plasma, giving its energy away, or at least a portion of its energy, which we can calculate later with magnetic field strength, because no, we can't actually because it's unaffected. 
No, actually, we can sort affect the plasma, which will affect where the neutrons go a higher magnetic field strength will decrease or will, no, it'll increase plasma density, which will increase than decrease like a kind of like an up and drop off curve. 
The energy exertion from the neutron onto the plasma. But for now, we'll do a fraction of the energy is exerted into the plasma, and a fraction is exerted into the surroundings. 
So in the end, we will- and into the plasma means particles at random. 
X amount of particles will be chosen at random for the energy to be added onto. 
What this means is because our particles currently have 0.75 to 1.25 times of their energy calculated, some particles will get a lot of energy, which means they will guaranteed react. 
Some, however, that don't have enough energy will get enough energy, which means actually there's 25% of the energy Each particle that we give should have... should get 25% of the energy. 
Or actually random, we could do it random, where it's a fraction, and it all adds up, but I think as a proof of concept for now 25%, each particle that it hits gets 25% of its energy, gets a stable 25%.
So basically, 25 million celcius, you could say. 
That's currently the idea for Convergence a-, for the plasma system of Convergence. 
If I get any more ideas which I'm racking my brain forum now I will add them, but yeah, basically a plasma system in which where the energy is exerted from the neutrons end helium into the rest, basically an interactive system which means that that it will be random, but we'll be able to see in good RNG spikes in the amount of cycles that can happen. 
Because think about it if enough particles get hit with more energy, and then they react more reactios will occur, which means that the cycle that it will occur longer. So basically, we will do cycles until failure so "while true", basically. 
And then that means we can start to graph it with matplotlib, which means we are hitting up our first milestones soon I believe.
While this records, let me pull up, Github here, okay, "simulate multiple isolated fusion events". 
This is what we're- this is what we will work around this we're gonna basically simulate sustaining fusion in one fell swoop here. 
### Project Convergence will manage to simulate sustaining fusion in one fell swoop by generating a plasma that interacts with itself and the surroundings and keeps itself up for a certain amount of cycles. 
Yes, that is exactly what we need to define. 
Now. I will get a Transcript of this written down or processed with generative AI. 
But that's basically the run down, so we are going to skip all of the filler like "ooh gained statistics, simulate a product" and we're going to go straight for the money. 
We need to make this, this will take the longest time, but we will need to make this and fast, not fast, but this will take 2 weeks- 3 weeks, let's say. 
We need to set ourselves a deadline of from the start of the first Convergence milestone, which to get to the first Convergence milestone, we will give ourselves 3 weeks from landing in England. That's a good milestone, I'd say. 
That also will mean this will also sustain any engineering failures and successes, because if we, if we like miss out on the deadlines, for some reason, that's an engineering failure, but we learn from because it's an iterative process. 
So the run down is we have a idea visualised for the plasma in which it exerts energy onto itself in a little chemical soup that will upkeep itself. 
A soup of the spicy variety, you could say.